Clarify sensor orientation (#750)
PX4/px4_user_guide: en/config/flight_controller_orientation.md

# Flight Controller/Sensor Orientation

By default the flight controller (and external compass(es), if present) should be placed on the frame top-side up, oriented so that the arrow points towards the front of the vehicle.
If the board or an external compass are mounted in any other orientation then you will need configure this in the firmware.

## Calculating Orientation

> YAW, PITCH and/or ROLL offsets of the flight controller are calculated relative to the vehicle forward-facing-upright orientation (clock-wise rotation around the Z, Y and X axis, respectively).
> This frame is referred to as the *body frame* and the default orientation as `ROTATION_NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROLL, PITCH and/or YAW offsets of the flight controller are calculated relative to the vehicle around the forward, right, down axes.

The axes to rotate around stay the same from one rotation step to the next one. So the frame to perform the rotation in, says fixed. This is also known as extrinsic rotation.
```
